We have used the fast and slow pointer technique to
find the loop in a linked list
where in each iteration,
the slow pointer will move one position and
the fast pointer will move two positions
If the linked list has a loop, the fast and
slow pointer will meet at some point in the
loop.
So after the execution of detect loop logic, both slow
and fast pointers will be present inside the loop
So to find the loop length, we can keep the
slow pointer where it is and we can traverse the whole
loop using another pointer until we find the slow pointer
again. So we can create another pointer, say current
and make it point to slow
And iterate the current pointer and increment the count until
the current pointer reaches the slow pointer again  and finally we can return the loop length.